To become an officer you need two basic things. Number one you need a
college degree time, that's a requirement. Number two you need to be
able to present a good managerial style, people need to think that
you can lead. Just because you have a degree doesn't mean that you have
the authority or, doesn't mean that you have the presence of command
to get people to follow you. So once you're going through the officer
training program they either teach that to you or they don't
allow you to join the military service. They would basically kick you
out, so you need a college degree and you need to be able to supervise
other people.